
*JavaScript or TypeScript, use React (you may use anything to store user data, e.g. implement back on Node.js+Express+MySQL; you may use some SaaS like Firebase - be careful, if you decide to use "out-of-the-box" users, it may be problematic to delete them).


Create a working and deployed Web application with registration and authentication.

*Non-authenticated users should not have access to the user management (admin panel).

*Only authenticated users should have access the user management table: id, name, e-mail, last login time, registration time, status (active/blocked).

The leftmost column of the table should contains checkboxes without labels for multiple selection (table header contains only checkbox without label that selects or deselects all records).

There must be a toolbar over the table with the following actions: Block (red button with text), Unblock (icon), Delete (icon).

You have to use any CSS framework (Bootstrap is recommended, but you can choose any CSS framework).

All users should be able to block or delete themselves or any other user.

*If user account is blocked or deleted any next user’s request should redirect to the login page.

*User can use any non-empty password (even one character). If you use 3rd-party service to store users, you may 1) either implement your own "users" there or 2) accept that some requirement cannot be implemented (but you get results faster).

Blocked user should not be able to login, deleted user can re-register.

*YOU HAVE TO CREATE A UNIQUE INDEX IN THE SELECTED DATABASE. NOT TO CHECK WITH YOU CODE FOR UNIQUENESS, BUT CREATE THE INDEX.

How to submit the solution
Send to p.lebedev@itransition.com:
Full name.
Link to source code.
Link to the deployed project (you can use any hosting you find suitable — azure, render, somee, vercel, netlify, anything).
Recorded video:  registration, login, non-current user selection, user blocking (the user status should be updated), user unblocking, all user selection (including current), all user blocking (with automatic redirection to the login page).

Deadlines for this task and the rest of the tasks are the same — before the project start (you can check the schedule).

Why all users are admins, isn't that strange? Yes, kinda, in reality it won't be implemented this way. There are two reasons:
1) To simplify testing.
2) To simplify your work, becuase you don't need to think about user roles (in this task).

However, the users ability to delete themselves are very real and very ofter required — if you have no idea why, you may ask.